Hello, whoever went to my Discord profile because I haven't been online for a long time and found the link to this.

This is my farewell letter to all of you who I have met over the years, who have helped me so much despite all the problems I had, to keep fighting, not to give up, to keep persevering.
Unfortunately I was at my limit and couldn't hold on any longer.
I'm sorry to the people I make sad with this knowledge.
I hope I can forgive myself for making this decision; I hope you can find peace in knowing that I am no longer suffering, that I finally have the peace that I never found in sleep, that I have finally managed to quiet my head.
Please don't feel guilty for what happened, the only one to blame is me, the one who gave the ultimatum, the one who followed through with it.
Thank you for being there for me in my darkest time and thank you to those who were there until the end.

Lucas, it's weird calling you that haha, but thank you for letting me talk to you again, thank you for being there for me, thank you for giving me the chance to repent for ending our friendship, it's sad to know we never got the chance to drink together, but I hope you will take some extra shots for me next time you go out to drink. :^)
Nik, we have met in one of my worst times, but still we had some great fun together, I wish you all the best on your journey and I hope you manage to beat all the mental problems you have faced, please don't give up and continue fighting, have the energy I did not have. And if you don't wanna use the crossbow, simply don't :)
Sam, I never thought that me joining some silly hangout server would lead to me meeting such a great person like you, you were such a positive person in my life and helped me a lot, and I'm sorry to dissapoint you with ending up like this, I hope you can forgive me for what I've done. I'm sorry.
Sydney, I hope you know that I did consider you a friend, and you were always someone I could message after months and you'd still care and listened to my silly things I said, I also hope that everything turns out for the best, your life has not been easy and I'm proud of you for how far you've come and not letting you shake or flinch, for still standing in these flames, your's truly your weird european friend.
Vlue, you are such a smart, fun, and witty person, you were a genuine insperation in my life, and you never failed to amaze me, thank you for being you. Thank you for playing a silly tower defense game with me, Thank you for all the fun memories on the minecraft server where I lived under your base. Thank you for always managing to find time even if there were long breaks between us talking.
Molytha, I'm sorry I am such a wreck, I'm sorry I couldn't be what I wanted to be for you, I'm sorry I ended things, but I couldn't bare the idea of hurting you anymore then I already have, I hope you don't hate me even more now that I've killed myself, I'm sorry for every second of pain I caused, and I'm sorry for the pain that this will cause. Thank for you all the time we had together, thank you for being there for me, and please take good care of rufus, he's such a silly little guy.

Also to the others who I didn't mention by name, be it Cam, Orb, Fallen, Savannah and everyone else who was there for me, I love you all and will always love you, thank you for everything

Your David.
